already said it in the studio
I did two programs but the program happened in
and was doing another program on Thursday the topique time the city
against city by computer aboard that abandon the work of the two
studio programs
to ask for help but rather from different angels
is recorded in the studios of 273 at a police station in são paulo brazil and
transmitted by a concession of Brazilian technical broadcasters
established by the fortunately with each passing week is getting better and
According to the bulletins of 11 years of study is more air first placed
in audience
at eight since Friday
in Sao Paulo gave me to understand my knowledge of tablet and more power
the long time
they saw
the next day
This is the theme that has already died.
if there are processes what is it that you do not enter
in the concession of a television channel
who will pay the loss
it was a good debut, you think you do not give the elop forecast
if you pass by the place
the drummer pupillo that speaks
when you go back to the television for him it is necessary to speak
photo after the actor would have 40 days
I do not watch television
I was a television owner because the review owners
closed the doors for me
and I then
if it closes a steel door opened the window
was forced to own a television
to buy 50% of shares
I was not born a television program owner
However, it had been an
if men were not so clean elderly are powerful
so we're all mourning from the port a pain
after ad broker after the program producer
then businessmen that these years all
I felt like a student started
of cost and marta suplicy more real
I had to take a college entrance exam
to enter university
go through 5 years
with so many bad people for me
and with another man who also talked to me and he
in the middle of some candidates said
I do not know what to do.
itacaré is the cplp can be them
to do something this letter that the minister
but that time my friends I have nothing planned
today life taught me
to plan
because that seen to separate things
and if on stage
I'm excited and smiling she's employed I hope to continue too
being
smiling and playful and joy in real life because it's what I do
on the stage the article goes theatro of the peace of the people was here with you pastime in the
another room
I know how to separate
my responsibilities
of ipanema '12 programs
with the rise the possibilities of joining television
and at that moment
and you all believe in me
is that all of you especially the ears
do you think I can do it?
a television station that possibly a television network
I'm sure
I want to join
in this faculty
quoted in Tehran date but I did not know would be a victorious man
I'm sure that with the help of God and with the help of friends
I can be
everyone's name in the forecast